Requirement of the metrics scope for invoicing (#44)
appuio/appuio-io-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/quality-requirements/usability/mearuring-scope-for-invoicing.adoc

= Scope metrics are colected for invoicing 

Source::
Invoicing adapter

Stimulus::
Calculate invoice

Environment::
{global}

Artifact::
Metric storage for invoicing

Response::
A time series of usage metrics

> Response measure::
> A time series is returned per pod.

Reviewer: Maybe mention that this is also per namespace and per zone?
Actually, it might be a good idea to further specify the minimum data fields?
```suggestion
Response measure::
A time series is returned per pod.
The series contains in the minimum the namespace name, {zone} identifier and total used memory in bytes.
```

Rationale::

> OpenShift 4 collects metrics on the level of containers.
> However, user manage their workload on the level of pods (through Deployment and StatefulSet).
> Aggregating to the pod level, allows to present the data a way familiar to the user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users manage their workload on the level of pods through Kubernetes Deployments and StatefulSets.
However, OpenShift 4 collects metrics on the level of containers within pods.
Summarizing the data at the pod level allows to present the data in a familiar way to the user.
```
